My name is [Name] and I am a [undergrade/master] student at [institution]. I am very interested in this job posting for [position name] at [company]. I have experience in [skills] which makes me an appropriate candidate for this job. [personal qualities]. I think I would do well at this position. Thank you very much! [Name]

creativity: Creativity defines who I am. I have participated in various hackthon projects, including one that uses innovative technology to help  water-scarce areas save water.

communication: I communicated effectively under different situations. During meetins, I can always accurately voice my opinions.

colaboration: Working in a team environment is something I enjoy a lot. I have worked on many different group projects, my teammates have always regarded me as a constructive member for the team.

responsibility: I will do everything I can to complete the tasks assigned to me. I will always make sure that I allocate enough time for anything I do.

leadership: While I am a good follower, I also know how to lead a team. I was once the project designer of a school hackathon project, I lead a team of five to the final round of the competition by being a central coordinator and a work delegator.

entreprenerial: Making brand new things gives me thrills all the time. I have always enjoyed experimenting with new ideas, that is the reason why I have participated in our school hackathon every year.

diverse: I have met people from many different backgrounds through out my life so far. I enjoy talking to different people with different opinions.

motivated: I not only do things, I do them with passion. I always find meaning in the things I do, so that I work towards not just a deadline, but a goal.

detail: While being able to see the big picture is important, I am also able to scrutinize the details. I am very good at paying attention to things other people tend to miss.

agile: I am able to adapt to different environments very quickly. I have lived and studied in four different countries, and I am able to find myself right at home everywhere I go.

execute: I love the feeling of making things happen. I like to jump right to action instead of waiting for a perfect plan. Making adjustments on the way is also a fun part of life.
